README.md, before:

![Skyport Panel Logo](https://i.imgur.com/SU7QypZ.png)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)

# Skyport Panel

**Skyport Panel** is an open-source control panel built by the [Skyport Team](https://github.com/skyport-team) for managing game servers and apps using Node.js, Express, and Docker.

It aims to be a simple and efficient solution for hosting and managing instances with a clean web interface and container-based deployment.

- Documentation: [skyport.dev](https://skyport.dev)
- Community Support (unofficial): [Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/kVtDQrrwcc)

## Configuration

Rename `example_config.json` to `config.json` and edit file in the root directory to set up the application settings including the database connection and port.

## Usage

Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>` to access the Skyport Panel. Log in with your user credentials to manage and view instances.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Fork the repo and open a pull request.
Bug reports and feature suggestions are also appreciated.

## License

(c) 2024 Matt James and contributors. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

skyport 2 announcement
notice about Skyport 2 and deprecation of v0.x.

README.md, after:

![Skyport Panel Logo](https://i.imgur.com/SU7QypZ.png)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/skyport-team/panel?style=for-the-badge)

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Skyport 2 is coming from the original team behind Skyport and Argon. This repository is for Skyport v0.x and will be deprecated in the future. Learn more via https://github.com/foundryoss/skyport and https://discord.gg/9MCWSMYTwW

# Skyport Panel

**Skyport Panel** is an open-source control panel built by the [Skyport Team](https://github.com/skyport-team) for managing game servers and apps using Node.js, Express, and Docker.

It aims to be a simple and efficient solution for hosting and managing instances with a clean web interface and container-based deployment.

- Documentation: [skyport.dev](https://skyport.dev)
- Community Support (unofficial): [Join our Discord](https://discord.gg/kVtDQrrwcc)

## Configuration

Rename `example_config.json` to `config.json` and edit file in the root directory to set up the application settings including the database connection and port.

## Usage

Navigate to `http://localhost:<port>` to access the Skyport Panel. Log in with your user credentials to manage and view instances.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Fork the repo and open a pull request.
Bug reports and feature suggestions are also appreciated.

## License

(c) 2024 Matt James and contributors. All rights reserved. Licensed under the MIT License.
